add 2.19.2 changes (#4288)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/proxy.adoc

. /etc/environment
```
+

> If your containers need to use a proxy server you will need to set the followingschedulerer environment variables: `DOCKER_HTTP_PROXY`, `DOCKER_HTTPS_PROXY`, `NO_PROXY`, coresponding to those listed in https://docs.docker.com/network/proxy/[the Docker instructions]. This will ensure your containers have outbound/proxy access. For more information on creating configuration overrides, see the <<customizations#service-configuration-overrides,Customizations Guide>>.

Author: ```suggestion
If your containers need to use a proxy server you will need to set the following schedulerer environment variables: `DOCKER_HTTP_PROXY`, `DOCKER_HTTPS_PROXY`, `NO_PROXY`, corresponding to those listed in https://docs.docker.com/network/proxy/[the Docker instructions]. This will ensure your containers have outbound/proxy access. For more information on creating configuration overrides, see the <<customizations#service-configuration-overrides,Customizations Guide>>.
```
